README.md, before:

# SearchPropertiesFe

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.3.

## Development server

Install the required dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Install Angular CLI:

```bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

Set your back-end url in environments/environment.ts for dev or environments/environment.prod.ts for production

```
apiUrl - URL of the backend API
mapApiKey - API key for HERE.com maps
```

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Service worker fix for backend-api requests. Manifest theme color fixed. Carousel item color fix.

README.md, after:

# SearchPropertiesFe

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 10.0.3.

## Development server

Install the required dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Install Angular CLI:

```bash
npm install -g @angular/cli
```

Set your back-end url in environments/environment.ts for dev or environments/environment.prod.ts for production

```
apiUrl - URL of the backend API
mapApiKey - API key for HERE.com maps
```

In case that you've changed the default backend base path from `/api`, change the url for the service worker in ngsw-config.json:
```json
...
"dataGroups": [
    {
      "name": "backend-api",
      "urls": [
        "/api/**"
      ],
...
```

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
